content/0.index.md, before:

---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/atom36/eflight
---

#title
Goodbye to boilerplate using Framework Core.

#description
Data access simplified without the need to repeat code over and over again with [Entity Framework Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/entity-framework){:target="_blank"}

#extra
  ::list
  - **Production ready**.
  - **Abstraction** and **utility** classes
  - Reuse your [.NET Core](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) knowlodge
  - Fully extensible and customizable
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - dotnet add package EfLight --version <choosen version>
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=devicon:dotnetcore}
  #title
  .NET Core Architecture
  #description
  Harness the full power of [Nuxt 3](https://v3.nuxtjs.org) and its [modules](https://modules.nuxtjs.org) ecosystem.
  ::

  ::card{icon=icon-park:time}
  #title
  Time saver
  #description
  Focus on important tasks and let **EfLight** handle repeating tasks
  ::

  ::card{icon=logos:c-sharp}
  #title
  Vue Components
  #description
  Use built-in components (or your own!) inside your content.
  ::

  ::card{icon=bi:plugin}
  #title
  Rich API
  #description
  Enjoy the ease and simplicity of Markdown and discover [MDC syntax](https://content.nuxtjs.org/guide/writing/mdc).
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
  #title
  Deploy anywhere
  #description
  Zero config on [Vercel](https://vercel.com) or [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Choose between static generation, on-demand rendering (Node) or edge-side rendering on [CloudFlare workers](https://workers.cloudflare.com).
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:puzzle-piece}
  #title
  Extensible.
  #description
  Customize the whole design, or add components using slots - you can make Docus your own.
  ::
::

Commit message:

Completed docs using docus. Added updates for v1.1

content/0.index.md, after:

---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/atom36/eflight
---

#title
Goodbye to boilerplate using Framework Core.

#description
Data access simplified without the need to repeat code over and over again with [Entity Framework Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/entity-framework){:target="_blank"}

#extra
  ::list
  - **Production ready**.
  - **Abstraction** and **utility** classes
  - Reuse your [.NET Core](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download) knowlodge
  - Fully extensible and customizable
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - dotnet add package EfLight --version <choosen version>
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=devicon:dotnetcore}
  #title
  Builds on C#
  #description
  Leveraging the power of .NET Core and C# to provide a simple API to use EF Core.
  ::

  ::card{icon=icon-park:time}
  #title
  Time saver
  #description
  Focus on important tasks and let **EfLight** handle repeating tasks
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:puzzle-piece}
  #title
  Extensible and rich API.
  #description
  You can build on top of **EfLight** and extend it to fit your needs.
  ::
::
